---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "wiz_cloud_accounts Data Source - terraform-provider-wiz"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Query cloud accounts (subscriptions).
---

# wiz_cloud_accounts (Data Source)

Query cloud accounts (subscriptions).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# retrieve account by aws account id
data "wiz_cloud_accounts" "accounts_by_id" {
  search = [
    "012345678912",
    "987654321098",
  ]
}

# retrieve one account by wiz internal identifier
data "wiz_cloud_accounts" "accounts_by_wiz_id" {
  ids = [
    "d33a2072-4b95-481b-8153-c0b9089992aa",
  ]
}

# retrieve all ccounts with multiple source connectors
data "wiz_cloud_accounts" "multiple_connectors" {
  has_multiple_connector_sources = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `assigned_to_project` (Boolean) QueryQuery cloud accounts by project assignment state.
- `cloud_provider` (List of String) Query cloud accounts of specific cloud provider.
    - Allowed values: 
        - GCP
        - AWS
        - Azure
        - OCI
        - Alibaba
        - vSphere
        - OpenShift
        - Kubernetes
- `connector_id` (List of String) Query cloud accounts by specific connector ID.
- `connector_issue_id` (List of String) Query cloud accounts by specific connector issue ID.
- `first` (Number) How many results to return, maximum is `500` is per page.
    - Defaults to `500`.
- `has_multiple_connector_sources` (Boolean) QueryQuery cloud accounts by project assignment state.
- `ids` (List of String) Get specific Cloud Accounts by their IDs.
- `max_pages` (Number) How many pages to return. 0 means all pages.
    - Defaults to `0`.
- `project_id` (String) Query cloud accounts of a specific linked project, given its id.
- `search` (List of String) Free text search on cloud account name or tags or external-id. Specify list of empty string to return all cloud accounts.
- `status` (List of String) Query cloud accounts by status.
    - Allowed values: 
        - CONNECTED
        - ERROR
        - DISABLED
        - INITIAL_SCANNING
        - PARTIALLY_CONNECTED
        - DISCONNECTED
        - DISCOVERED

### Read-Only

- `cloud_accounts` (Set of Object) The returned cloud accounts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_accounts))
- `id` (String) Internal identifier for the data.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_accounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_accounts`

Read-Only:

- `cloud_provider` (String)
- `external_id` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `linked_project_ids` (List of String)
- `name` (String)
- `source_connector_ids` (List of String)
- `status` (String)
