---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "wiz_automation_rule_jira_add_comment Resource - terraform-provider-wiz"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Automation Rules define associations between actions and findings.
---

# wiz_automation_rule_jira_add_comment (Resource)

Automation Rules define associations between actions and findings.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `filters` (String) Value should be wrapped in jsonencode() to avoid diff detection. This is required even though the API states it is not required.  Validate is performed by the UI.
- `integration_id` (String) Wiz identifier for the Integration to leverage for this action. Must be resource type integration_jira.
- `name` (String) Name of the automation rule
- `trigger_source` (String) Trigger source.
    - Allowed values: 
        - ISSUES
        - CLOUD_EVENTS
        - CONTROL
        - CONFIGURATION_FINDING
- `trigger_type` (List of String) Trigger type. Must be set to `CREATED` for wiz_automation_rule_jira_add_comment.
    - Allowed values: 
        - CREATED
        - UPDATED
        - RESOLVED
        - REOPENED

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the automation rule
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled?
    - Defaults to `true`.
- `jira_add_issues_report` (Boolean) Whether or not to attach a report on all open issues as an attachment to ticket, only relevant in CONTROL triggered actions
    - Defaults to `false`.
- `jira_comment` (String) Issue Jira comment
- `jira_project_key` (String) Issue project
- `project_id` (String) Wiz internal ID for a project.

### Read-Only

- `action_id` (String) Wiz internal ID for the action.
- `created_at` (String) The date/time at which the automation rule was created.
- `id` (String) Wiz internal identifier.
