---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "wiz_integration_aws_sns Resource - terraform-provider-wiz"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Integrations are reusable, generic connections between Wiz and third-party platforms like Slack, Google Chat, and Jira that allow data from Wiz to be passed to your preferred tool.
---

# wiz_integration_aws_sns (Resource)

Integrations are reusable, generic connections between Wiz and third-party platforms like Slack, Google Chat, and Jira that allow data from Wiz to be passed to your preferred tool.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the integration.

### Optional

- `aws_sns_params` (Block Set, Max: 1) If type is EMAIL, define these paramemters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--aws_sns_params))
- `is_accessible_to_all_projects` (Boolean) When true, any scoped and non scoped project users will be able to use this action, false by default.
    - Defaults to `false`.
- `project_id` (String) The project this action is scoped to.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
- `id` (String) Identifier for this object.

<a id="nestedblock--aws_sns_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_sns_params`

Optional:

- `access_method` (Block Set, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--aws_sns_params--access_method))
- `topic_arn` (String) The SNS Topic Arn.

<a id="nestedblock--aws_sns_params--access_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_sns_params.access_method`

Required:

- `type` (String) The access method this integration should use. 
    - Allowed values: 
        - ASSUME_CONNECTOR_ROLE
        - ASSUME_SPECIFIED_ROLE

Optional:

- `access_connector_id` (String) Required if and only if accessMethod is ASSUME_CONNECTOR_ROLE, this should be a valid existing AWS connector ID from which the role ARN will be taken.
- `customer_role_arn` (String) Required if and only if accessMethod is ASSUME_SPECIFIED_ROLE, this is the role that should be assumed, the ExternalID of the role must be your Wiz Tenant ID (a GUID).


