---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "wiz_integration Resource - terraform-provider-wiz"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Integrations are reusable, generic connections between Wiz and third-party platforms like Slack, Google Chat, and Jira that allow data from Wiz to be passed to your preferred tool.
---

# wiz_integration (Resource)

Integrations are reusable, generic connections between Wiz and third-party platforms like Slack, Google Chat, and Jira that allow data from Wiz to be passed to your preferred tool.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the integration.
- `type` (String) Type of integration action. The following are implemented: AWS_SNS, JIRA, PAGER_DUTY, SERVICE_NOW, WEBHOOK.
    - Allowed values: 
        - AWS_SECURITY_HUB
        - AWS_SNS
        - AZURE_DEVOPS
        - AZURE_LOGIC_APPS
        - AZURE_SENTINEL
        - AZURE_SERVICE_BUS
        - CISCO_WEBEX
        - CORTEX_XSOAR
        - CYWARE
        - EMAIL
        - AWS_EVENT_BRIDGE
        - GOOGLE_CHAT
        - GCP_PUB_SUB
        - JIRA
        - MICROSOFT_TEAMS
        - PAGER_DUTY
        - SERVICE_NOW
        - SLACK
        - SLACK_BOT
        - SPLUNK
        - SUMO_LOGIC
        - TORQ
        - WEBHOOK
        - FRESHSERVICE
        - OPSGENIE
        - TINES
        - HUNTERS
        - CLICK_UP

### Optional

- `aws_sns_params` (Block Set, Max: 1) If type is EMAIL, define these paramemters.
    - Conflicts with `[webhook_params pagerduty_params servicenow_params]`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--aws_sns_params))
- `is_accessible_to_all_projects` (Boolean) When true, any scoped and non scoped project users will be able to use this action, false by default.
    - Defaults to `false`.
- `pagerduty_params` (Block Set, Max: 1) If type is EMAIL, define these paramemters.
    - Conflicts with `[aws_sns_params webhook_params servicenow_params]`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--pagerduty_params))
- `project_id` (String) The project this action is scoped to.
- `servicenow_params` (Block Set, Max: 1) If type is EMAIL, define these paramemters.
    - Conflicts with `[aws_sns_params webhook_params pagerduty_params]`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--servicenow_params))
- `webhook_params` (Block Set, Max: 1) If type is EMAIL, define these paramemters.
    - Conflicts with `[aws_sns_params pagerduty_params servicenow_params]`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhook_params))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
- `id` (String) Identifier for this object.

<a id="nestedblock--aws_sns_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_sns_params`

Optional:

- `access_method` (Block Set, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--aws_sns_params--access_method))
- `topic_arn` (String) The SNS Topic Arn.

<a id="nestedblock--aws_sns_params--access_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_sns_params.access_method`

Required:

- `access_connector_id` (String)
- `customer_role_arn` (String)
- `type` (String) The access method this integration should use. 
    - Allowed values: 
        - ASSUME_CONNECTOR_ROLE
        - ASSUME_SPECIFIED_ROLE



<a id="nestedblock--pagerduty_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pagerduty_params`

Optional:

- `integration_key` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--servicenow_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servicenow_params`

Optional:

- `authorization` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--servicenow_params--authorization))
- `url` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--servicenow_params--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servicenow_params.authorization`

Required:

- `password` (String)
- `username` (String) Email of a ServiceNow user with permissions to create tickets.

Optional:

- `client_id` (String)
- `client_secret` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--webhook_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook_params`

Required:

- `url` (String) The URL of the webhook.

Optional:

- `authorization` (Block Set, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhook_params--authorization))
- `headers` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhook_params--headers))
- `is_on_prem` (Boolean)
- `tls_config` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhook_params--tls_config))

<a id="nestedblock--webhook_params--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook_params.authorization`

Optional:

- `password` (String)
- `token` (String)
- `username` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--webhook_params--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook_params.headers`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--webhook_params--tls_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook_params.tls_config`

Optional:

- `allow_insecurity_tls` (Boolean) Setting this to true will ignore any TLS validation errors on the server side certificate Warning: should only be used to validate that the action works regardless of TLS validation, if for example your server is presenting self signed or expired TLS certificate.
- `client_certificate_and_private_key` (String) A PEM of the client certificate as well as the certificate private key.
- `server_ca` (String) A PEM of the certificate authority that your server presents (if you use self signed, or custom CA).


