---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "wiz_integration_jira Resource - terraform-provider-wiz"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Integrations are reusable, generic connections between Wiz and third-party platforms like Slack, Google Chat, and Jira that allow data from Wiz to be passed to your preferred tool.
---

# wiz_integration_jira (Resource)

Integrations are reusable, generic connections between Wiz and third-party platforms like Slack, Google Chat, and Jira that allow data from Wiz to be passed to your preferred tool.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "wiz_integration_jira" "default" {
  name          = "default"
  jira_url      = var.jira_url
  jira_username = var.jira_username
  jira_password = var.jira_password
  scope         = "All Resources, Restrict this Integration to global roles only"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `jira_url` (String) Jira URL. (default: none, environment variable: WIZ_INTEGRATION_JIRA_URL)
- `name` (String) The name of the integration.

### Optional

- `jira_allow_insecure_tls` (Boolean) Jira integration TLS setting
- `jira_client_certificate_and_private_key` (String, Sensitive) Jira PEM with client certificate and private key
- `jira_is_on_prem` (Boolean) Whether Jira instance is on prem
    - Defaults to `false`.
- `jira_password` (String, Sensitive) Jira password. (default: none, environment variable: WIZ_INTEGRATION_JIRA_PASSWORD)
- `jira_pat` (String, Sensitive) Jira personal access token (used for on-prem). (default: none, environment variable: WIZ_INTEGRATION_JIRA_PAT)
- `jira_server_ca` (String) Jira server CA
- `jira_server_type` (String) Jira server type
    - Defaults to `CLOUD`.
- `jira_username` (String) Email of a Jira user with permissions to create tickets. (default: none, environment variable: WIZ_INTEGRATION_JIRA_USERNAME)
- `project_id` (String) The project this action is scoped to.
- `scope` (String) Scoping to a selected Project makes this Integration accessible only to users with global roles or Project-scoped access to the selected Project. Other users will not be able to see it, use it, or view its results. Integrations restricted to global roles cannot be seen or used by users with Project-scoped roles. 
    - Allowed values: 
        - Selected Project
        - All Resources
        - All Resources, Restrict this Integration to global roles only

    - Defaults to `All Resources, Restrict this Integration to global roles only`.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
- `id` (String) Identifier for this object.
