---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "wiz_integration_servicenow Resource - terraform-provider-wiz"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Integrations are reusable, generic connections between Wiz and third-party platforms like Slack, Google Chat, and Jira that allow data from Wiz to be passed to your preferred tool.
---

# wiz_integration_servicenow (Resource)

Integrations are reusable, generic connections between Wiz and third-party platforms like Slack, Google Chat, and Jira that allow data from Wiz to be passed to your preferred tool.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "wiz_integration_servicenow" "default" {
  name                = "default"
  servicenow_url      = var.servicename_url
  servicenow_username = var.servicenow_username
  servicenow_password = var.servicenow_password
  scope               = "All Resources, Restrict this Integration to global roles only"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the integration.
- `servicenow_password` (String, Sensitive) ServiceNow password. (default: none, environment variable: WIZ_INTEGRATION_SERVICENOW_PASSWORD)
- `servicenow_url` (String) ServiceNow URL. (default: none, environment variable: WIZ_INTEGRATION_SERVICENOW_URL)
- `servicenow_username` (String) Email of a ServiceNow user with permissions to create tickets. (default: none, environment variable: WIZ_INTEGRATION_SERVICENOW_USERNAME)

### Optional

- `project_id` (String) The project this action is scoped to.
- `scope` (String) Scoping to a selected Project makes this Integration accessible only to users with global roles or Project-scoped access to the selected Project. Other users will not be able to see it, use it, or view its results. Integrations restricted to global roles cannot be seen or used by users with Project-scoped roles. 
    - Allowed values: 
        - Selected Project
        - All Resources
        - All Resources, Restrict this Integration to global roles only

    - Defaults to `All Resources, Restrict this Integration to global roles only`.
- `servicenow_client_id` (String) ServiceNow OAuth Client ID. (default: none, environment variable: WIZ_INTEGRATION_SERVICENOW_CLIENT_ID)
- `servicenow_client_secret` (String, Sensitive) ServiceNow OAuth Client Secret. (default: none, environment variable: WIZ_INTEGRATION_SERVICENOW_CLIENT_SECRET)

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Identifies the date and time when the object was created.
- `id` (String) Identifier for this object.
